Okay. So first, let's see the prototype.
And so, we have buttons and using LCD, or like you can use this jog wheel and select which ever option on the LCD, and then do on and off. So, you you can press these buttons to increase or decrease the volume. And we have speech recognition. Here you have microphone, and then it date records your voice, and then it try to recognise. And we want to do the location basically using speech recogniser.
Oh, these are strawberries.
Material, we want to stick to titanium. So, we want to have simple and perfect shapes, like I shown in these phones. And you can choose colours on your day for each day, or even many colours. For the LCD.
Wh what are the strawberries for?
That's location sensors.
Let's see if th it's meet the evaluation criterium.
So what I propose is that we are going to to have this scale from one to seven. One meaning that, ye yes it fulfils the the criterion, whatever it is. what do you think, is it fancy? So here, two. Up. Then we have technology. d I think it's a one for that, at least.
It's robust, yeah.
Well, so the question is does it have the minimum requirement of re remote control?
The basic mode is you got just two buttons and a jog dial. And if you want to make to twenty-five, you push on this.
It's much longer than that that being two two five, no?
We only address two main functions here. and the other functions will be on LCD. So
It's a jog dial for controlling the cursor on the LCD screen.
So size and weight. Up to three for that,. Colour and shape.
The case is silver titanium, no?
And what about the strawberries on the top? I'm not convince.
Well you know, it's this fruit and vegetable year.
We're just giving the fruit for more fanciness and more attraction, too. So, maybe think we can have rubber or some sponges, stuff for strawberries and different colours. Even we can provide many different colours or different fruits, and
I suggested three. And the last one is adaptive.
Okay. Let's go for one.
Now we have to do the average. Two point one seven.
So now, it has to fulfil the financial criterium?
We need only one battery. We have sample chip. And then we have the sample speaker sensor for speech recognition. Yeah, I think we will go for a single curve,
How many push-button? The scroll-wheel, okay.
One LCD displayed.
So we are at seventeen dot eight. Are we supposed to cut things out now?
So think of what we can cut here.
If I look at what is the most expensive things, it's the LCD. and the speaker.
Apparently, we have to choose one or the other.
I mean, producing electricity from mechanical energy. to make electricity.
So, but if we select the hand dynamo it's okay,. We we win one.
So, put minus one there, please.
I'm not sure if this is legal. Okay, we're on target. Project evaluation, good.
See how Are we a good team?. Is there enough room for creativity?
Team-work, very strong, I would say. I think white-board is useful. Digital pens, useful.
Ah, we got new idea, speech recognition, location finding. New materials, new this fancy strawberry design.